ok here we go...!!

people love free food, so I'm creating a service that scrapes gt pages to find where and when free food is being offered at tech! And send notifications to the users, I'm thinking preferably by text. 

currently working on seeing how I can use the facebook api to parse pages and get statuses. If I can do that, I just have to find the right pages...

next step would be to look into websites (such as the coc clubs) and any other clubs or organiztions that I can get the webpage info in order to get their data/feed, etc

ToDo
-get facebook scraper working 
-find fb pages and sites to scrape to get food info!
-parse statuses and maybe do some nlp to figure out what they are offering/when/etc...
-figure out a good way I can get the word out (app notification? text? email?)
-figure out a way to host the code on a server so that the code is always running (every 10 minutes or so maybe?) 


*sometimes, there is just a picture that takes you to an event, which has more details. Ex: palantir event doesnt show up bc its a picture. For this case, navigate to event and parse its description. 


(rank each website/page on the amount of posts it makes. Fetch those pages' feeds more often)

update (12/24/15):
  scraping facebook pages             (DONE)
  getting statuses from pages         (DONE)
  get texts to work(--using gmail--)  (DONE)  
  get relevant statuses               (IN PROGRESS)
  basic recieving texts working       (DONE)

  TODO:
    





how about instead of using texting, I create an application. A webapp. every person has a username and password 



server1.) server that constantly checks pages for food. If Finds relevant posts, collects them. Pushes posts to server2
server2.) server that gets hit if free food is found on campus- sends texts to students 



USERS:
	create users, show users, edit notification settings for user*

FOODPOST:
	
	date of creation
	post creator
	date
	time
	location
	food type
	reliability
	food finished

	create a post
	updata a post
	show all posts
	show posts for a specific user based on his notification settings
	rate post

